OADP-4357: AWS plugin required for all S3 storage (#79455)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-installing-dpa-1-3.adoc

  configuration:
    velero:
      defaultPlugins:
        - aws # <2>
        - openshift # <3>
      resourceTimeout: 10m # <4>
    nodeAgent: # <5>
      enable: true # <6>
      uploaderType: kopia # <7>
      podConfig:
        nodeSelector: <node_selector> # <8>
  backupLocations:
    - velero:
        config:
          profile: "default"
          region: <region_name> <9>
          s3Url: <url> # <10>
          insecureSkipTLSVerify: "true"
          s3ForcePathStyle: "true"
        provider: {provider}
        default: true
        credential:
          key: cloud
          name: {credentials} # <11>
        objectStorage:
          bucket: <bucket_name> # <12>
          prefix: <prefix> # <13>
----
<1> The default namespace for OADP is `openshift-adp`. The namespace is a variable and is configurable.

> <2> The `aws` plugin is mandatory for all S3 storage.

Author: ```suggestion
<2> An object store plugin corresponding to your storage locations is required. For all S3 providers, the required plugin is `aws`. For {azure-short} and {gcp-short} object stores, the `azure` or `gcp` plugin is required.
```

  configuration:
    velero:
      defaultPlugins:

>         - aws # <2>

Reviewer: Attach BSL spec has only one backupLocation. Only one plugin is required either AWS or GCP

Author: @PrasadJoshi12 - updated. Thanks
